Add docs entry for exact scheduling (#334)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.mobile.notifications: com.unity.mobile.notifications/Documentation~/Settings.md

By default, scheduled notifications are removed after the device restarts. To preserve scheduled notifications after the device restarts, you need to enable the **Reschedule Notifications on Device Restart** option. This adds the `RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED` permissions to your app's manifest.

### Schedule at exact time

> By default notifications are scheduled to arrive at approximate time, to save batter time. This is recommended behavior. More details can be found [here](Android.html#schedule-notifications-at-exact-time).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, notifications are scheduled to arrive at approximate time to optimize battery usage. This is the recommended behavior. For more information, refer to [Schedule notifications at exact time](Android.html#schedule-notifications-at-exact-time).
```
